you should get point or anyone else
you're not gonna stop there
don't
yesterday said tomorrow so just do it
make your dreams come true
it's over
you just don't
when I was 17 I read a quote that went
something like if you live each day as
if it was your last someday you'll most
certainly be right it made an impression
on me and since then I've looked in the
mirror every morning and asked myself if
today were the last day
what I want to do what I am about to do
today remembering that I'll be dead soon
is the most important tool I've ever
encountered to help me make the big
choices in life
you my friend have failed
congratu-fucking-lations the greatest
thing that ever happens because it shows
that you are alive change did something
and
that you're growing strong that going
fuckin fail again boy I hope you guys
know watches in US are we gonna fill a
thousand fucking times keep going in out
there
you know what that means every time you
feel it means to me tells me that you're
doing something go out there and fucking
fail it's the greatest joy in life
because it says so much about your
character and it adds so much to
coming I'm gonna keep you with real
prisoners that's round by barbed wire
like real prison
have stars
present up here
we all got it I have a mind cache
because almost everything all external
expectations all pride all fear of
embarrassment failure these things just
fall away in face of death leaving only
what is truly important remembering that
you are going to die is the best way I
know to avoid the trap of thinking you
have something to lose you are already
naked there is no reason not to follow
your heart failure is an experience that
lends to wisdom that ultimately
Virginie yourself
so that you can
use towards the direction 1 in that
regard not about things not about big
about baking billion dollars
it's about what you
learn along the way
along the way it's that fucking journey
you're on the journey
guess what journeys hard the journeys
thrilling with failure and that's why
most people don't do it most people are
willing to get on that journey because
they're afraid to fail
there is no bigger life hack in the
history of the world from getting where
you are today to where you want to be
then the people you choose to put in
your corner they change everything and
it's a it's a proven fact the people
around you matter environment is
everything but it's on you to control it
they can go both ways you don't need to
change your goals right you just need to
change your surroundings
it begins in our body responds to the
things that we think about and if you
think depressive things your body your
energy becomes depressed right if you're
thinking negative things can you smile
and laugh and tell jokes and go run
around in circles with children and play
and dance right
you can't do it because you got
depressive
follow your heart so your heart can take
you to the challenges that are unique to
you